Documenting the resubscribe_url token (#342)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/channels/emails.rst

Mautic has a built in means of allowing a Contact to unsubscribe from Email communication. You can insert various tokens into your Email to provide unsubscribe options at your desired location:
- ``{unsubscribe_text}``: Inserts a sentence with a link instructing the Contact to click to unsubscribe.
- ``{unsubscribe_url}``: Inserts the URL to the preferences center when it's activated, or to the unsubscribe page if not.

> - ``{resubscribe_url}``: Inserts the URL to the resubscribe page no matter if the preference center is activated or not. It will resubscribe the contact. Useful for double opt out campaigns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``{resubscribe_url}``: inserts the URL to the resubscribe page regardless of whether there's a preference centre in use. It resubscribes the Contact. Useful for double opt out Campaigns.
```

Vale fixes

Author: Thanks!
